Update pVACview anchor figure (#1144)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacview/pvacseq_module/pvacseq_vignette.rst

    :alt: pVACview Vignette
    :figclass: align-left

The mutation is not in an anchor position (see ``Anchor heatmap`` tab). A list of anchor positions for each allele-length combination

> is previded in the ``Anchor Positions`` panel below. Additional, the underlying anchor prediction scores for each amino acid position are

Reviewer: Propose changing `Additional,` to `Additionally,`

> is previded in the ``Anchor Positions`` panel below. Additional, the underlying anchor prediction scores for each amino acid position are

Author: ```suggestion
is provided in the ``Anchor Positions`` panel below. Additionally, the underlying anchor prediction scores for each amino acid position are
```
